---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: ' '
datePublished: '2016-04-28T01:12:25.858Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-28T01:12:11.981Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-28-.md
published: true
url: 18bf372f-f0ed-4cbf-9516-6a2c89a6bda3/index.html
_type: Article

---
****

Wayman Agency

Marketing + PR Services

**  
**

Intentional Marketing for Creative Minds

**  
**

IDENTIFY YOUR TARGETS AND FIND THEM

Strategize and evaluate who your best clients are, and how they are looking for you. Identify the most powerful methods of marketing for your business.

**  
**

PLAN OUT WHAT TO SAY AND WHEN TO SAY IT

Strategic planning for where to put the right message. We cultivate the marketing message that resonates with your best clients, and effectively distribute that message.

**  
**

DEFINE CAMPAIGNS THAT SUIT YOUR BUSINESS

Whether it's a direct mailing, an email, a fundraising event, or an Instagram happening, your campaigns must suit the style of your business, and that of your potential clients.

**  
**

TARGETED CONTENT CREATION & CURATION

If you like writing and research, we curate your pieces. If you prefer to outsource it, we're your journalists and research analysts who deliver insights that align with your message.

**  
**

RESONATE WITH YOUR POTENTIAL CLIENTS

When you match your marketing message to your potential clients, that's when the magic happens and the phones start to ring! Your email lists grow, online communities develop and internet exposure expands.

**  
**

RECOGNIZE SUCCESS

Simple reports to monitor successful engagements, know how far your message has reached, and how well it has drawn attention to your business.

**  
**

WHEN YOU'RE READY FOR CLIENTS, CALL THE WAYMAN AGENCY.

****